README.md, before:

# Aashroy - Decoding Apocalypse

A mapping system for the homeless people. A JEC Hackathon project. Made by the student of NIT, Silchar, Assam

# Team Members

- Vikas [@vikas528](https://www.github.com/vikas528)
- Sayahnneeta Dutta [@Sayahnneeta](https://www.github.com/Sayahnneeta)
- Jay Mehta [@BitsJayMehta173](https://www.github.com/BitsJayMehta173)
- Pratik Majumdar [@codadept](https://www.github.com/codadept)

# Screenshots:

### Homepage

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/Home-1.png" alt="Home Page" width="100%"/>

### Upload Location and Homeless Data page

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/Upload-1.png" alt="Upload" width="100%"/>

### Donate Money Portal

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/donation-money.png" alt="Donate Money" width="100%"/>

### Donation of Foods, Medicines, Clothes

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/donation-stuffs-2.png" alt="Donate Stuffs" width="100%"/>

### Chatbot for Anonymous Reporting Facility

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/report-chatbot.png" alt="Report" width="100%"/>

# Our Project Idea

# Running Locally

By following the instructions you can get a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

## Prerequisites 📄

Your local machine must have [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which basically comes with [NPM](http://npmjs.com)) installed.

---

### Let's see how to use? 🛠

Open your git bash in the required directory and first clone this repository-

```bash
# Clone this repository and the server repository
$ git clone https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client.git
$ git clone https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-api.git

# First go into the server repository
$ cd aashroy-api

# Remove current origin repository
$ git remote remove origin
```

Then install the dependencies using NPM-

```bash
# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Start development server
$ npm run dev
```

```bash
# Once your server has started, now go to the codachat repository:
$ cd aashroy-client
```

```bash
# Remove current origin repository
$ git remote remove origin

# Start the react app
$ npm start
```

### Add the necessary environment variables as in .env.example.

### Feel free to text any of the team members for any queries.

# For contributing read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

added Objectives in Profile Page

README.md, after:

# Aashroy - Decoding Apocalypse

A mapping system for the homeless people. A JEC Hackathon project. Made by the student of NIT, Silchar, Assam

# Team Members

- Vikas [@vikas528](https://www.github.com/vikas528)
- Sayahnneeta Dutta [@Sayahnneeta](https://www.github.com/Sayahnneeta)
- Jay Mehta [@BitsJayMehta173](https://www.github.com/BitsJayMehta173)
- Pratik Majumdar [@codadept](https://www.github.com/codadept)

# Screenshots:

### Homepage

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/Home-1.png" alt="Home Page" width="100%"/>

### Upload Location and Homeless Data page

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/Upload-1.png" alt="Upload" width="100%"/>

### Donate Money Portal

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/donation-money.png" alt="Donate Money" width="100%"/>

### Donation of Foods, Medicines, Clothes

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/donation-stuffs-2.png" alt="Donate Stuffs" width="100%"/>

### Chatbot for Anonymous Reporting Facility

<img src="https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/public/img/website/report-chatbot.png" alt="Report" width="100%"/>

# Our Project Idea

The problem of homelessness has been a major issue in our country especially in Assam with about 1.7 billion homeless people in India and with the numbers still increasing exponentially.The problem of homelessness brings with it the hindrance of basic Human rights of proper living conditions and sanitation. These homeless people are further prone to crimes such as slavery, child trafficking, and crimes on women and children.Although a lot of projects have been undertaken  by ths government agencies but the problem still persists without any permanent solution in our hand.So, here Our team of Decoding Apocalypse has tried our level best to find a solution and come up with innovative technology to tackle the problem at hand.

## Objectives of Aashroy

Objective 1: To track the shelters of the homeless people through the web portal by inputs from the general public.
Objective 2: To design a database of the homeless population with necessary fields.
Objective 3: To provide the data to different NGOs & organizations working for upliftment of the homeless.
Objective 4: To prevent crime and exploitation against this sector of people. An anonymous reporting mechanism for the users in the
web application to report any crime or illegal activities against these people.
Objective 5: To make the GUI interactive and to encourage voluntary donations (clothes/food/medicines) from the general public.

# Running Locally

By following the instructions you can get a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

## Prerequisites 📄

Your local machine must have [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which basically comes with [NPM](http://npmjs.com)) installed.

---

### Let's see how to use? 🛠

Open your git bash in the required directory and first clone this repository-

```bash
# Clone this repository and the server repository
$ git clone https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client.git
$ git clone https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-api.git

# First go into the server repository
$ cd aashroy-api

# Remove current origin repository
$ git remote remove origin
```

Then install the dependencies using NPM-

```bash
# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Start development server
$ npm run dev
```

```bash
# Once your server has started, now go to the codachat repository:
$ cd aashroy-client
```

```bash
# Remove current origin repository
$ git remote remove origin

# Start the react app
$ npm start
```

### Add the necessary environment variables as in .env.example.

### Feel free to text any of the team members for any queries.

# For contributing read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/decoding-apocalypse/aashroy-client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
